julia's life is in danger there was a
man who was always by her side watching
over her
so she had to pretend she was blind so
that she could continue living
a month ago julia felt her sister was in
trouble she went to her sister when she
panicked to find her sister was dead
julia and sarah are twins with
congenital vision impairment
before sarah attempted to commit suicide
she suddenly turned around and cursed
violently
but there was no one else in the room
not waiting for sarah to finish speaking
suddenly the chair under sarah's feet
was kicked by a mysterious person
she died in despair autopsy results from
the police said that sarah committed
suicide but julia could not believe it
her sister was preparing for her eye
surgery she could not kill herself
the next morning when julia was showing
her last morning to her sister
suddenly a hand was on her shoulder and
comforted her she thought it was her
husband until she saw him standing in
front of her
so whose arm is that julia turned around
in panic and there was no one behind her
she felt something was wrong her
intuition is often extremely accurate
she decided to investigate herself julia
went to the house of sarah's neighbor
soledad who was also a blind woman she
said sarah has stopped coming to talk to
her recently after meeting a new friend
at the blind help center
julia went there to find out she had
overheard a conversation about sarah
they said that before sarah died she had
a boyfriend and they used to go to a
newly opened hotel for a date
a woman smelled julia and told her there
was a man behind her
she turned around in fear when the
figure quickly ran away julia hastily
chased after that person but he used the
flashlights to blind her
she couldn't see his face when she got
home and told that her husband
was worried and wanted to take her away
he felt that julia's mentality was
greatly affected by the sudden departure
of her sister
so she was overthinking julia now
quickly used an excuse to go to the
hotel for a few days to relax
it is also the hotel that sarah used to
go to with her boyfriend before she died
her husband happily agreed upon arriving
she asked a lot of people about sarah's
boyfriend but received only ambiguous
answers
however she knew that when she arrived
at the hotel there was a bandage in
sarah's eyes maybe her sister had had a
successful surgery
so she definitely could not commit
suicide sarah took this story to her
husband but he seems to know it all
before that the doctor just contacted
him and said that sarah's surgery failed
perhaps she committed suicide because of
that
julia believed it until she met an old
janitor who gave julia a key
telling her that it was found in sarah's
room he wasn't sure about the other man
either
but for sure he would park his car every
time he came here now that she came up
with it
she firmly asked her husband to take the
recorded copies of the surveillance
camera
despite his objections but she waited a
long time and still didn't see her
husband come out
she went inside and found that the
camera system had been destroyed and the
hard drive storing the dado was gone
but it doesn't matter now she was so
worried that she couldn't find her
husband
she went to the police to report that
her husband had been kidnapped by the
mysterious man
but she could not describe his exact
figure so she and the police turned to
the old man
but unexpectedly at that time he was
found dead in the bath
the scene showed that this was an
accident even more horrified
julia's husband was
do
[Music]
in the house the evening arrived after
yvonne had left
julia was alone in the house but she
still felt the existence of someone else
someone took her key away one evening
the mysterious man was about to inject
some drugs into julia's body but she
felt it and got up and ran away
she asked a neighbor named blasco to
help her and he took her home to rest
julia discovered that her lost key is
there could it be that the real bad guy
is blasco
blasco was a bastard he began to molest
julia fortunately
yvonne came to save her in time and
brought her back to his house now
blasco's daughter appeared
she told julia that evon was the bad guy
and that she stole julia's key
she used the other key to open the door
to ivan's house after all
what was the truth julia decided to
remove her eye patches despite the time
remaining was four days
her eyesight was still not stable but
she could still see this pervert
plastered with pictures of herself and
sarah in the room
she panicked to find blasco's daughter
to escape together when she found that
she was killed by yvonne
at this moment yvonne stepped forward
she forced herself to calm down and
pretended she couldn't see anything
he was also probing her when there were
signs that julia had swapped the
quenched water cup
yvonne was very suspicious so he took
her to a freezer
in which it was the body of the real
nurse julia panicked
saw julia's expression yvonne knew she
was pretending he grabbed julia and
yelled at her the reasons why he killed
sarah
he has been despised his entire life so
he always wants people to pay attention
to him
he destroyed sarah's eyes because he
wanted her to be with him forever
but sarah could not stand it that's why
he was aiming for julia now
fortunately she was able to run away
she went to mrs soledad's house for help
but yvonne found them
julia told soledad to call 911 but
surprisingly
yvonne now said mom you don't need to do
it it turned out that ivan was the son
soledad was hiding
to protect her son she directly knocked
out julia turns out she was just
pretending to be blind
nor did evan expect this
so he decided to make his mother truly
blind after that
when yvonne came to julia she had no
choice but to accept to be forever by
his side
but no by the time he didn't notice
julia stole his knife
because her eyesight was unstable she
missed hitting only ivan's leg
but that opportunity was enough to make
her escape upstairs to call the police
then he found her after a while of
struggling luckily for julia
the police arrived in time
the flashlights were all aimed at evon
he learned the feeling of being noticed
by many people for the first time in his
life
he had nothing to lose anymore under
everyone's attention he ended his own
life
julia was saved and her eyes were
completely recovered she went to look at
her husband's body when she learned that
the person who donated her retina was
him
sacrifices make true love not personal
control and desires